# Point2point
Team members: Ginsu Eddy, Anna Fair, Yiping Li, Chris Yin, Phuong Vu

## **Point2Point Mission**
Point2Point was designed to serve people who are physically disabled in some shape and would need some help with information for getting from point A to point B, specifically when inside a building or an event. We figured in addition to people are physically disabled this solution could be used by anyone who have difficulty with moving such as the elderly, and people who have fractured their leg.

### Why Point2Point is important?
Point2Point can create awareness for people to create more accessibility in building and facilities, in addition to saving the time of the people who are looking for and needing these access points.

Point2Point would encourage and bring awareness to the needs of physically disabled people especially inside of building structures.

### Point2Point Ethical motivations
Point2Point was striving to even out the playing field between physically disabled people and non-disabled people and making the world a better place. This is important to our team because being able to move so freely and without struggle is something that we take for granted, and is not a luxury that some people have. We don’t have ever have to worry about if we can physically go to a place that we want to visit, or once we get there, how to get from point A to point B other than the main way. With this solution, we hope to eradicate this frustrating situation.

## **Reaseach Process**
During the research process, we found a lot of articles and forums regarding certain problems people that are physically disabled and need to use something like a wheelchair to get around have. Through this, we were able to gain a sense of empathy which helped us understand the people in wheelchairs and allows us to gain some insight as to how we are can be able to create a solution to this problem. Part of our research consisted of looking at what was already out there. We stumbled across an app called wheelmap, which is a mobile and web application that tells the user if a building they want to visit is wheelchair friendly, partially friendly, or not at all. However, the problem with this platform is that users have shown dissatisfaction in the mobile application design and user experience, and wheelmap does not show users how to navigate the building and facilities once inside.So if there is a large building, for example, Bellevue Square Mall, it could be difficult for disabled people to navigate from one end of the mall to the other if they are not familiar with the building. Another part of our research was reading some forums where physically disabled people wrote about some of their experiences​. We used a wide arrange of sources to find out what some practical problems and frustrations that our target population has to deal with on a daily basis. Someone posted that they found it quite frustrating whenever venues did not inform online if the facility had handicap accessibility points or not. Another thing we found is that someone wrote that they had always had problems when they tried to book plane tickets since space is quite limited. Even though we want to focus our solution on helping handicapped people getting from point A to point B from the inside of buildings, this could be a potential idea in the future. Another thing we need to acknowledge is that some people get frustrated when other people treat them differently or as helpless. So, when thinking about how we will design our solution, we want to keep in mind to design something that should seem more helpful than disrespectful.

Using extensive research and gathering data from our target audience, we would like to create a program that provides knowledge and makes daily life easier for our users. Our ultimate goal is for our users is to be relieved from the stress that they carry with them day to day that’s created from basic worries like whether or not they’ll be able to access certain facilities. We have hopes that our product will be able to help serve handicapped, disabled, and anyone else looking for a service like ours.

## **Point2Point Prototype**
Check out our prototype here: [Point2Point Figma Prototype](https://www.figma.com/proto/S6CQwNrzy5p2p5E6fPnQs3wO/Point2Point?node-id=0%3A1&scaling=scale-down)
